EDU-12037: Update WebOps dashboard doc (#1451)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/faststore/docs/getting-started/1-onboarding/dashboard.mdx

- **In progress:** The commit is currently being deployed.
- **Failed:** The deployment failed. Further details can be found by clicking the link below the `Deploy` button.

### Lighthouse Scores

When your store goes live (in production), ensuring optimal performance and a good user experience becomes crucial. The Lighthouse Scores section offers insights into four key areas measured by Lighthouse, helping you understand their impact on your store's performance.

- **Performance:** Indicates how fast your pages load.
- **Accessibility:** Reflects how usable your pages are for people with disabilities.
- **Best practices:** Indicates how well your pages adhere to coding best practices.
- **SEO:** Reflects how well your pages are optimized for search engines.

These scores are based on the pages defined for testing in the [Integrations](#integrations) tab.

### Production Deploys

This section lists all the recent deploys to your production store. Each item on the list is composed of the following:

![dashboard-lighthouse-score](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/dashboard-production-deploys___840fcb7b30bc2c7a1e4e5d1d255a58f9.png)

### Build logs

> The Dashboard integrates the build logs feature, providing an integrated experience of your store deployment for monitoring the store deployment status, and help you understand the success or failure of each deployment.

Reviewer: O parágrafo estava bem longo. Fiz essa sugestão para facilitar a leitura, reduzindo o tamanho das frases e destacando Build Logs

![webops-build-logs](https://vtexhelp.vtexassets.com/assets/docs/src/webops-build-logs___dcab2fcebc09675e9087f3d25ca33058.gif)

> To access the build logs for each deployment, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the build logs for a specific deployment, follow these steps:
```

1. Go to [Production Deploys](#production-deploys) and click in one of the the deploys you want to see the build information.

> 2. Click on a specific deployment to view its details.

Reviewer: Os passos estão repetidos aqui, certo?

> 3. The build logs view will display deployment information, including a `Preview Link` to see a preview of your store for that deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. The Build Logs will appear on the right-hand side of the screen, displaying deployment details, such as a Preview Link to a live preview of your store for that specific deployment.
```
